A cost or charge.
The amount owed to those that lended money.
The cost of credit per year, expressed as a percentage of the loan.
An agreement where in which a borrower receives something of value now and pays for it later.
The total amount paid to borrow money. The total amount = loan + interest + fees.
The minimum amount a credit card holder has to pay each billing period.
An institution that stores, lends, and handles the exchanging of money.
Money coming into one's accounts.
An account that lets one transfer money to other people/organizations using a check or electronic payment.
An asset used to guarantee a loan. It is taken if the loan is not repaid.
A card that spends money in a checking account.
An obligation to payed back borrowed money.
An account that pays interest on its total amount.
The amount of the total cost of an item that is paid upfront.
When a lender repossess a home after failing to make a payment.
A temporary right to a property paid for by a loan. The property serves as collateral.
When borrowing, this is the extra money that must be paid back in addition to the borrowed amount.
The amount of money invested or the balance owed on a debt.
Money given now that must be repaid later.
Money is paid now to insure an item. If that item is damaged, money is paid to fix or replace it.
When a borrower fails to pay back their loan.
Being unable to pay back debts.
A written record of income and expenses for a specific time span.
The money a business has left after it pays its bills.
A period of rising stock prices.
A period of falling stock prices.
Money used to generate income through investments.
Using money or capital in order to make money.
A loan to a government. It promises to pay back the amount plus interest.
A person who owns stock in a company.
A unit of stock.
Fractional ownership of a company.
A place where buyers and shellers exchange shares of stock in companies.
Buying, selling, or exchanging commodities.
Extra, non-cash, benefits given to an employee.
How much an employee makes before taxes and deductions.
How much an employee makes after taxes and deductions.
The value of a person's assets (stock, property, cash) minus owed money.
A fixed payment a person earns for working.
A federal program that gives money to the old, unemployed, and disabled.
A fee collected by the government.
The amount of money a person makes per unit of time (hour, day).
Assistance given by the government to individuals/families.
The production, distribution, and consumption of good and services.
A ban on trade with individuals of another country.
A good or service sold to another country.
The total value of all goods and services produced within a country's borders.
Purchased foreign goods and services.
A tax on foreign goods to make them more expensive.
A persistent increase in prices. Triggered when demand is greater than supply.